Better explanation for "All steps" and "Specific step" (#10412)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/product-analytics/funnels.mdx

##### 3. All steps

In this case, all events completed sequentially will be included in the funnel.

> Consider the following entirely possible example:
> 
> 1. `$pageview` with `browser = Chrome`
> 2. `$pageview` with `browser = Firefox`
> 3. `user signed up` with `browser = Chrome`
> 4. `user posted` with `browser = Chrome`
> 5. `user posted` with `browser = Firefox`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the following entirely possible example of events from a single person:

1. `$pageview` with `browser = Chrome`
2. `$pageview` with `browser = Firefox`
3. `user signed up` with `browser = Chrome`
4. `user posted` with `browser = Chrome`
5. `user posted` with `browser = Firefox`
```

With all steps mode, the person will be counted twice in the funnel, but in slightly different ways.

> The person will be in the Chrome breakdown as having completed all three steps: `$pageview`, `user signed up`, and `user posted`. The person will also be in the Firefox breakdown, but only for the `$pageview` step because they didn't complete the `user posted` step with Firefox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The person will be in the Chrome breakdown as having completed all three steps: `$pageview`, `user signed up`, and `user posted`. The person will also be in the Firefox breakdown, but only for the `$pageview` step because they didn't complete the `user signed up` step with Firefox.
```

##### 4. Specific step

In this case, only the property value seen at the selected step is chosen. Importantly, this also means that the person won't be included in the funnel if they don't have a property value at the selected step.

> Consider the same example as above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider an example where we capture these two events for a person:
```

1. `$pageview` with `browser = Chrome`
2. `user signed up` with `browser = Firefox`

> For the example above, when step two is chosen the value will be `Firefox`. If step two is chosen, any people who only have a `$pageview` event will be excluded from the funnel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When step two in this example is chosen, the value will be `Firefox` and any people who only have a `$pageview` event will be excluded from the funnel.
```
